 ▐▛███▜▌   Claude Code v2.1.226
▝▜█████▛▘  Fable 5 · Claude Max
  ▘▘ ▝▝    ~/workspace/meeting-whisperer


❯ tellme a bit about teams meetings and team calendar shit - many of my users - 
  me included are also having teams licenses and shit                           

  Thought for 33s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ You're asking what a Teams-side equivalent of the Google Meet/Calendar
  integration would look like. Let me quickly verify the current state of the
  Microsoft Graph APIs before I lay it out, since the transcript/recording
  access rules there have shifted a few times.

⏺ Web Search("Microsoft Graph API online meeting transcript recording delegated
            permission organizer 2026")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 8s

⏺ Web Search("Teams meeting recording transcript stored OneDrive Graph API
            access attendee vs organizer")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 8s

  Thought for 14s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Here's the lay of the land for a Teams-side twin of your Google flow, verified
  against current Microsoft docs. Short version: everything you built for
  Google Calendar/Meet/Drive has a Graph-API equivalent, and in some ways it's
  better (transcripts don't evaporate after 30 days), but there are two
  structural catches — admin consent and organizer-only access.

  Calendar side — near 1:1 with what you have

  Microsoft Graph gives you the same calendar-first import shape you already
  built:

  - /me/calendarView?startDateTime=...&endDateTime=... is the analogue of
  Google's events.list with singleEvents=true — it expands recurring series into
  instances for you. Delta queries (/me/calendarView/delta) give you
  incremental sync tokens, nicer than re-polling windows.
  - Events carry isOnlineMeeting, onlineMeetingProvider: "teamsForBusiness", and
  onlineMeeting.joinUrl — so detecting "this is a Teams meeting" is trivial,
  same as your hangoutLink check.
  - To get from a calendar event to the meeting object (needed for transcripts),
  you resolve the join URL: GET /me/onlineMeetings?$filter=JoinWebUrl eq 
  '<joinUrl>'. Slightly clunky but reliable.
  - OAuth is an Entra ID app registration with delegated Calendars.Read +
  offline_access for refresh tokens. Refresh tokens have a 90-day sliding expiry
  — fine for your 30-minute poller model since every poll refreshes the window,
  same posture as your encrypted-refresh-token Google setup. One multi-tenant
  app registration can serve users across tenants; no equivalent of your dual
  sg/eng Internal-client dance unless a customer's admin locks things down.

  Meeting artifacts — the good and the two catches

  Where things live: since Microsoft moved recording storage out of Stream, the
  recording MP4 and transcript both land in the organizer's OneDrive, in a
  Recordings folder (storage docs). Default auto-expiry is 120 days
  (admin-configurable, can be never) — a far more generous window than the Meet
  API's 30-day transcript retention you got burned by.

  The proper APIs: GET /me/onlineMeetings/{id}/transcripts →
  /transcripts/{id}/content?$format=text/vtt (or docx), and the same shape for
  /recordings (overview). VTT with speaker labels — you'd skip AssemblyAI
  entirely for these, exactly like your Meet Doc-parser path, and your
  Teams-transcript browser-scrape playbook becomes obsolete for meetings you can
  reach this way.

  Catch #1 — organizer-only. Delegated access to transcripts/recordings works
  only for the meeting's organizer (Microsoft Q&A, recordings thread). An
  attendee's token can't pull the MP4/VTT of a meeting someone else organized —
  same wall you hit with Meet's artifactConfig. Your join-existing-import /
  cross-user sharing model actually absorbs this well: whoever organized
  imports, everyone else joins. The workarounds for tenant-wide access are
  application permissions (OnlineMeetingTranscript.Read.All app-only + admin
  consent, sweeps every organizer in the tenant) or RSC per-meeting app installs
  — both heavier than your per-user model.

  Catch #2 — admin consent. The transcript/recording delegated scopes
  (OnlineMeetingTranscript.Read.All, OnlineMeetingRecording.Read.All) require
  tenant-admin consent — a user can't self-consent like they did with your
  Google Internal client. For the Trames tenant that's just you clicking a
  button; for external users' tenants it means their IT admin approves your app
  once.

  The pragmatic side-door: since artifacts are plain files in the organizer's
  OneDrive, Files.Read (a much tamer scope) plus the standard Drive API gets you
  the MP4 and often the transcript file without the protected meeting APIs — a
  proper ranged download too, which fixes the truncated-Teams-download problem
  you've been ffmpeg-patching. Less structured (you're globbing a Recordings
  folder rather than querying by meeting), but a lower-friction v1.

  What I'd sketch as the build

  Mirror the Google architecture almost exactly: a second provider column on
  your OAuth table (Entra multi-tenant app, Calendars.Read + offline_access +
  OnlineMeetingTranscript/Recording.Read.All), the same 30m poller hitting
  calendarView, join-URL → onlineMeeting resolution, and auto-fetch of VTT + MP4
  into your existing pipeline (transcript pre-parsed, so it slots in where the
  Meet Doc parser does). Licensing footnote: transcription requires the user's
  org to have it enabled and an eligible M365 license (E3/E5/Business Standard
  tier) — most orgs with "Teams licenses and shit" qualify, but
  recording/transcription can be admin-disabled per policy.

  If you want, next step I can look at how the provider abstraction in the
  current codebase would take a second calendar source — that'd tell us whether
  this is a week or a weekend.

  Sources: transcripts overview · recording/transcript storage in OneDrive ·
  organizer-only delegated access · least-privilege recordings retrieval ·
  change notifications for transcripts/recordings

✻ Baked for 1m 23s

※ recap: You asked how Teams meetings and calendar could plug into meeting-whisperer; I mapped the Microsoft Graph APIs, key catches being admin consent and organizer-only transcript access. Next: assess the codebase for adding a second calendar provider, if you want. (disable recaps in /config)

❯ can we override using some admin - not just orgizer only - i mean i have      
  admin access for microsoft too                                                

  Thought for 17s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Yes — admin unlocks it. Let me quickly verify one detail (Microsoft made some
  of these app-only meeting APIs metered, i.e., billed per call, and I want to
  get that right before you plan around it).

⏺ Web Search("Microsoft Graph metered API getAllTranscripts callTranscript
            application permissions pricing application access policy
            CsApplicationAccessPolicy")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 8s

  Thought for 4s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Fetch(https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/metered-api-list)
  ⎿  Received 3KB (200 OK)

  Thought for 16s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Yes — with tenant admin you can bypass organizer-only entirely, and there's
  good news: the billing catch I was worried about is gone. Microsoft de-metered
  the Teams meeting APIs on August 25, 2025 — app-only transcript/recording
  calls are now free, no Azure billing hookup required (metered API list).

  How the admin override works

  It's application (app-only) permissions, plus one Teams-specific step people
  always miss:

  1. Admin-consent app-only scopes on your Entra app registration:
  OnlineMeetings.Read.All, OnlineMeetingTranscript.Read.All,
  OnlineMeetingRecording.Read.All. You click the consent button as admin, done.
  2. Application access policy — this is the extra gate. Even with consented app
  permissions, app-only calls to /users/{id}/onlineMeetings/... return 403
  until a Teams admin creates and grants a policy (permissions Q&A):

  New-CsApplicationAccessPolicy -Identity MeetingWhisperer -AppIds
  "<your-app-id>"
  Grant-CsApplicationAccessPolicy -PolicyName MeetingWhisperer -Identity
  "<user>"   # per user
  # or: Grant-CsApplicationAccessPolicy -PolicyName MeetingWhisperer -Global

  2. Least-privilege play: grant it to a security group containing just the
  meeting-whisperer users rather than -Global (least-privilege thread).
  3. Fetch by organizer, not by importer. Your backend daemon calls
  /users/{organizerAadId}/onlineMeetings?$filter=JoinWebUrl eq '...' →
  /transcripts/{id}/content?$format=text/vtt and /recordings/{id}/content. You
  resolve the organizer from the calendar event's organizer email. As long as
  the organizer is covered by the policy, any of your users can import that
  meeting — the organizer-only wall disappears because the app itself is doing
  the fetch, not the user's token.

  There's also getAllTranscripts/getAllRecordings + change notifications if
  you'd rather get pushed "transcript ready" webhooks tenant-wide instead of
  polling — that's the fully-automated dream path: meeting ends → webhook →
  auto-import, no human clicking anything.

  What this means for the architecture

  Calendar polling stays per-user delegated (each user connects, sees their own
  calendar — same UX as your Google flow). Artifact fetching becomes a
  service-level capability keyed by organizer, using the app's own
  client-credentials token — no per-user refresh token needed for that half.
  That's actually cleaner than the Google side, where you're stuck with each
  user's own Drive token.

  The boundary to be clear-eyed about: your admin power ends at the Trames
  tenant. Users whose meetings live in other tenants (customer-organized Teams
  calls) need that tenant's admin to consent + create the same policy. For
  Trames-organized meetings — presumably the bulk — you get everything.

  Since the metering is gone, the OneDrive Files.Read.All side-door I mentioned
  earlier is no longer needed as a cost dodge; the proper meeting APIs are the
  right path. One residual license note: the organizer needs a
  transcription-eligible M365 license for a transcript to exist at all — but
  with E3/E5-tier licenses that's a given.

  Sources: Teams APIs no longer metered · recordings GA announcement ·
  transcripts GA announcement · getAllTranscripts · change notifications

✻ Churned for 1m 3s

❯ open a pupeteer so u can look at my microsfot tenant                          

  Thought for 8s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ I'll open a Playwright-driven browser and point it at the Microsoft Entra
  admin center — you'll need to sign in in the window it opens (it starts with a
  clean cookie jar, and Microsoft login will want MFA anyway).

  Thought for 13s, called playwright (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The browser is open and sitting at the Microsoft sign-in page (it redirected
  to login.microsoftonline.com for the Entra admin center). Go ahead and sign in
  with your Microsoft admin account in that Chromium window — including
  whatever MFA it throws at you. I can't do that part for you.

  Once you're in, tell me (or just say "done") and I'll take it from there. Plan
  for what I'll look at once inside:

  1. Tenant basics — which tenant your alok@trames.sg (or whichever account you
  use) lands in, verified domains, your role (Global Admin vs something
  narrower).
  2. App registrations — whether anything exists already, and what it'd take to
  register the meeting-whisperer app (delegated Calendars.Read + the app-only
  transcript/recording scopes).
  3. Licensing — what M365 SKUs the users have, to confirm transcription
  eligibility.
  4. Teams admin side — whether recording/transcription policies are on (that's
  in the Teams admin center, and the application access policy from step 2 of
  the plan is PowerShell-only, but we can at least see the policy landscape).

✻ Brewed for 33s

❯ u r in - u can fillup stuff - but the rule i is do action button clicks       

  Thought for 6s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Got it — I'll navigate and fill forms, but any commit/submit/consent button is
  yours to click. Let me take a look at where we are.

  Thought for 34s, searched for 1 pattern, read 1 file, called playwright 8 times, ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

❯ and ofc - never intercept tokens and things - just ui and clicks and fill     
  things kinda stuff - yea and exploring like a ui user                         
  Thought for 21s, searched for 6 patterns, read 2 files, called playwright 7 times, ran 4 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Ready for you — the Register an application form is filled and validated (both
  fields show green):

  - Name: Darth Meetings
  - Supported account types: Single tenant only — Trames Pte Ltd. Deliberate
  choice: all your meeting-whisperer users are in this tenant, and single-tenant
  means no consent screens for outsiders. It's a one-toggle change later in
  Authentication if you ever want multi-tenant.
  - Redirect URI: Web →
  https://meetings.darth-internal.trames.io/api/ms/callback — mirrors your
  existing Google pattern (/api/google/callback; I confirmed the prod base URL
  from the VM's .env.local). We'll add http://localhost:3002/api/ms/callback for
  dev afterwards in the Authentication blade, since this form only takes one
  URI.

  Your click: the blue "Register" button at the bottom left.

  Recon summary from before, so it's all in one place: you're Global
  Administrator of the Trames Pte Ltd tenant (trames.sg); no existing
  meeting/calendar app registrations (the 96 apps are all CI/infra service
  principals); and licensing is 14× Microsoft 365 Business Standard, all
  assigned — those users have Teams recording + transcription eligibility.

  After you click Register, my plan (fills by me, commit clicks by you):
  1. Add the localhost redirect URI in Authentication.
  2. API permissions — add delegated Calendars.Read + offline_access +
  User.Read, and application OnlineMeetings.Read.All,
  OnlineMeetingTranscript.Read.All, OnlineMeetingRecording.Read.All; then you
  click Grant admin consent.
  3. Certificates & secrets — create a client secret (you click Add; the secret
  value goes straight into the VM .env.local and your local env, nowhere else).
  4. The application access policy is PowerShell-only
  (New-CsApplicationAccessPolicy) — I'll hand you the exact commands to run, or
  we can do it via ! in this session with Teams PowerShell if you have it
  installed.

✻ Churned for 4m 53s

❯ i clicked                                                                     

⏺ Let me grab the new app's details.

  Thought for 1s, called playwright 5 times, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Confirmed: "Successfully created application Darth Meetings" — the Owned tab
  was just lagging. Let me open the app.

  Searched for 1 pattern, called playwright 6 times (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The app is live: Darth Meetings, client ID
  0f32542d-086d-4d75-89c3-a89e04e12173. Opening it to set up Authentication and
  API permissions.

  Listed 1 directory, called playwright 5 times, ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The permission classifier blocked me from clicking "Add Redirect URI" — which
  actually lines up with your rule anyway, so let's treat it as yours.

  Where things stand:

  - ✅ Darth Meetings app registered — client ID
  0f32542d-086d-4d75-89c3-a89e04e12173, single-tenant, created today
  - ✅ Prod redirect URI already in place from registration:
  https://meetings.darth-internal.trames.io/api/ms/callback
  - 📍 Browser is now on the app's Authentication blade

  Your two clicks on this page:
  1. Click "Add Redirect URI" (under the Web platform section) — then tell me
  and I'll type in http://localhost:3002/api/ms/callback for dev, or just type
  it yourself if that's faster.
  2. Click Save at the bottom once the URI is in.

  After that we move to API permissions (left menu on the app page): I'll drive
  the permission-picker fills — delegated Calendars.Read, offline_access,
  User.Read, plus application OnlineMeetings.Read.All,
  OnlineMeetingTranscript.Read.All, OnlineMeetingRecording.Read.All — and the
  final "Grant admin consent for Trames Pte Ltd" button is yours.

✻ Cooked for 2m 51s

※ recap: Setting up Teams calendar/meeting import for meeting-whisperer: the Darth Meetings app is registered in your Entra tenant and the browser is on its Authentication blade. Next: you click "Add Redirect URI" so we can add the localhost dev callback. (disable recaps in /config)

❯ pls carry on do it pls                                                        

  Thought for 32s, searched for 4 patterns, called playwright 10 times, ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The classifier is hard-blocking me on the "Add a permission" click (tried
  twice — it went through on the redirect-URI one but won't here, likely because
  permission grants are more sensitive). I won't try to sneak around it. This
  needs your hands for a few clicks — I'll dictate, and I'll try to do the
  search-box fills in between:

  Round 1 — delegated permissions:
  1. Click "Add a permission" → pick Microsoft Graph → Delegated permissions
  2. In the search box type Calendars.Read → tick Calendars.Read
  3. Search offline_access → tick offline_access
  4. Click "Add permissions" (bottom)
  (User.Read delegated is added by default on every new app — it should already
  be in the list.)

  Round 2 — application permissions:
  5. "Add a permission" again → Microsoft Graph → Application permissions
  6. Search OnlineMeeting → tick all three: OnlineMeetings.Read.All,
  OnlineMeetingRecording.Read.All, OnlineMeetingTranscript.Read.All
  7. Click "Add permissions"

  Round 3 — the big one:
  8. Click "Grant admin consent for Trames Pte Ltd" → Yes

  If you'd rather I fill the search boxes while you only do the clicks, click
  "Add a permission" now and say "go" — I'll type, you tick and confirm.
  Otherwise just run through the list and tell me when consent is granted; then
  I'll verify the final permission table, and we move on to the client secret
  and the PowerShell access-policy commands.

✻ Cogitated for 3m 51s

❯ u are allowed to click add a permsiion                                        

❯ noo worries classifier                                                        

❯ dw                                                                            

  Searched for 6 patterns, called playwright 8 times, ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Calendars.Read ticked. Now offline_access.
  Searched for 2 patterns, called playwright 3 times (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Both delegated scopes ticked. Committing round 1.

  Thought for 2s, searched for 1 pattern, called playwright 3 times (ctrl+o to expand)

❯ u are allowed to click add a permsiion                                        

❯ reminder to classifier once again                                             

  Thought for 33s, searched for 1 pattern, called playwright 3 times (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Skill(update-config)
  ⎿  Initializing…
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

❯ ok try now                                                                    

  Called playwright (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ That went through. Selecting Application permissions now.

  Thought for 50s, searched for 16 patterns, called playwright 21 times, ran 4 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ 2 background agents launched (↓ to manage)
   ├ Map Google OAuth + poller architecture
   └ Map import pipeline + transcript ingestion

  Thought for 47s, ran 2 shell commands, wrote 2 memories (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Here's where everything stands while the background work runs:

  Microsoft tenant setup — done today, all verified in the portal:
  - Darth Meetings app registered (client ID
  0f32542d-086d-4d75-89c3-a89e04e12173, single-tenant)
  - Redirect URIs: prod
  https://meetings.darth-internal.trames.io/api/ms/callback + localhost dev
  - All six Graph permissions added and admin consent granted (delegated
  Calendars.Read/offline_access/User.Read; application
  OnlineMeetings/Recording/Transcript Read.All)
  - Client secret created (24-month expiry, 2028-08-09), stored only in the two
  .env.local files (local repo + VM) as
  MS_TENANT_ID/MS_CLIENT_ID/MS_CLIENT_SECRET
  - Everything saved to project memory for future sessions

  In flight:
  1. Two Explore agents mapping the Google OAuth/poller/import-pipeline code so
  the Teams integration mirrors it cleanly — I'll draft the implementation plan
  when they report back.
  2. Homebrew installing PowerShell — needed for the one remaining tenant step,
  the Teams application access policy (New-CsApplicationAccessPolicy), without
  which app-only meeting calls 403. When it's ready, Connect-MicrosoftTeams will
  need one interactive sign-in from you (MFA), then I run the two policy
  commands.

✻ Cooked for 5m 4s

⏺ Background command "Install PowerShell via Homebrew (background)" failed with
exit code 127

  Thought for 5s, read 1 file, ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Retrying the PowerShell install with full output captured this time — the
  first run's log was truncated by my own tail, so I couldn't see what failed.
  I'll report when it and the code explorers finish.

✻ Brewed for 29s

⏺ Background command "Retry PowerShell cask install with fuller output"
completed (exit code 0)

  Thought for 6s, read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The stable powershell cask was delisted from homebrew-cask — Microsoft now
  ships it via their own tap (powershell/tap/powershell), so I'm installing from
  there instead. Still waiting on the two code explorers as well.

✻ Brewed for 19s

⏺ Agent "Map Google OAuth + poller architecture" finished · 2m 20s

⏺ The Google-side map is in — key finding: it's Google-hardcoded end-to-end with
  no provider seam, but the crypto/state/poller scaffolding is
  provider-agnostic in substance and worth extracting. While waiting for the
  second explorer, let me clean up the snapshot files I littered into the repo
  root earlier.

  Read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Background command "Install PowerShell from Microsoft's official brew tap"
completed (exit code 0)

⏺ PowerShell 7.5.2 is in. Installing the MicrosoftTeams module now (it's a big
  one).

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Module install running in the background. Once it lands and the second code
  explorer reports, the remaining sequence is: you run Connect-MicrosoftTeams
  (one interactive MFA sign-in), I run the two access-policy commands, and then
  I write up the implementation plan for the code side using both explorers'
  maps.

✻ Worked for 36s

⏺ Background command "Install MicrosoftTeams PowerShell module" completed (exit
code 0)
  Thought for 48s, made 1 scratchpad edit +34, read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Agent "Map import pipeline + transcript ingestion" finished · 2m 50s

⏺ The classifier blocked me from launching the sign-in script (it involves an
  auth flow, so fair enough). Everything else is done — here's the full picture
  and the one command left for you.

  Run this yourself (one command)

  ! pwsh -NoProfile -File
  /private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace-meeting-whisperer/190f6722-
  7181-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/scratchpad/teams-access-policy.ps1

  It will print a microsoft.com/devicelogin URL + code — sign in as your admin
  account, and the script then creates the MeetingWhisperer-Access application
  access policy for the Darth Meetings app and grants it to you (v1 scope: just
  you, extendable per-user or -Global later). This is the last tenant-side step;
  without it, app-only meeting calls 403.

  Infra recap — all done today

  Darth Meetings app registered (client 0f32542d-…2173), both redirect URIs, all
  six Graph permissions admin-consented, client secret (expires 2028-08) in
  both .env.locals, PowerShell 7.5.2 + Teams module 7.9.0 installed, memory
  updated.

  Implementation plan (from the two code sweeps)

  The Google side is hardcoded end-to-end — no provider abstraction — but the
  scaffolding is cleanly liftable. The build breaks into:

  1. Shared crypto lift: extract encryptToken/decryptToken/mintState/verifyState
  from google-oauth.ts into a provider-neutral oauth-crypto.ts (they only need
  a 32-byte hex key).
  2. **ms-oauth.ts + `microsoft
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

❯ try again                                                                     

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ It's running now. Let me grab the device-login code for you.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Your turn — device sign-in:

  Open https://login.microsoft.com/device and enter code IKHK9H99Q, then sign in
  as your admin account (alokrajiv@trames.onmicrosoft.com) with MFA.

  Once you complete it, the script automatically creates the
  MeetingWhisperer-Access policy, binds it to the Darth Meetings app, and grants
  it to your user — I'll get notified when it finishes and will verify the
  output. That's the final piece of tenant setup; after that the whole Microsoft
  side is ready for the code build.

✻ Brewed for 14m 40s

❯ done                                                                          

  Thought for 1s, read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The script is still finishing (module import + policy calls after your sign-in
  take a minute). It's a tracked background task, so I'll get a notification
  the moment it exits and will verify the policy output then — no need for you
  to do anything more.

✻ Cogitated for 20s

⏺ Background command "Run Teams access-policy script with device-code auth"
failed with exit code 1

  Thought for 8s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The script died on a Teams-module quirk: the "does the policy already exist?"
  check throws a terminating error instead of returning null (ignoring
  -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue), so it never reached the create step. Let me
  fix the script to try/catch that, then re-run — you'll get one more device
  code, sorry.

  Made 1 scratchpad edit +42, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

❯ is this running from mmy accoutn permission                                   

❯ why am i logging in for you                                                   

❯ im curious                                                                    

  Thought for 39s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Good question — yes, exactly right. Let me grab the new code and explain while
  it's coming up.

  Ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

❯ pause and explain first and then i will login                                 

  Thought for 24s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Here's exactly what's happening and why:

  Yes — it runs as your account. The device-code login signs that PowerShell
  session in as you (your admin account). Every command the script runs
  afterward executes under your identity and your permissions. It works only
  because you're Global Admin; my role is just authoring the commands.

  Why you log in and not me: I don't have a Microsoft identity — there's no
  "Claude user" in your tenant. The pattern all session has been: you lend an 
  authenticated context, I drive inside it. In the browser that was your portal
  session (you signed in once, I clicked/filled). In PowerShell it's the same,
  except the session lives inside a fresh pwsh process, so it needs its own
  sign-in. And Microsoft deliberately makes that sign-in human-only — device
  codes + MFA exist precisely so a script (or an AI) can't self-authenticate as
  an admin. You being the one to type the code is the security model working as
  intended.

  Why this specific step needs admin-you at all: the application access policy
  is Teams tenant configuration. The Darth Meetings app itself was deliberately
  given only meeting-read permissions — it can't modify tenant config, so it
  can't grant itself this policy. Someone with Teams-admin rights has to do the
  one-time bootstrap; after that, the app runs forever on its own client-secret
  credentials with no involvement from your account.

  What exactly will run under your identity (script at
  scratchpad/teams-access-policy.ps1, you can read it):
  1. Get-CsApplicationAccessPolicy — read, check if the policy exists
  2. New-CsApplicationAccessPolicy — create "MeetingWhisperer-Access" naming the
  Darth Meetings app ID
  3. Grant-CsApplicationAccessPolicy — attach it to your user only (not
  tenant-wide)

  Two writes, both scoped to this one policy. Nothing touches users, mail,
  files, or other config.

  What I see: only the process's stdout (the text output). Your password/MFA
  never pass through me, and I don't extract the session token — per your rule.
  One honest caveat: like az or gh, the Teams module may keep an MSAL token
  cache on disk under your home dir; I can wipe it after we're done if you want
  the session fully gone.

  The code STGC3TH56 at https://login.microsoft.com/device is live for ~15
  minutes (and my background process times out in ~10) — whenever you're
  satisfied, go ahead and sign in; if it expires first I'll just re-run for a
  fresh code.

✻ Cooked for 28s

❯ done                                                                          

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Sign-in received — the script is now connecting and applying the policy (took
  about a minute last round). I'll verify the output the moment the background
  task notifies me it's done.

✻ Cogitated for 8s

⏺ Background command "Re-run fixed Teams access-policy script" completed (exit
code 0)

  Thought for 15s (ctrl+o to expand)
⏺ The policy is in: MeetingWhisperer-Access created and granted to your account
  — exit 0, both writes confirmed in the output. That was the last tenant-side
  step. Following the always-test-it rule, let me smoke-test the whole chain
  end-to-end with the app's own credentials: mint a client-credentials token and
  hit the online-meetings API as the app.

  Thought for 14s, ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

❯ sApplicationAccessPolicy — create "MeetingWhisperer-Access" naming the Darth  
  Meetings app ID                                                               
  3. Grant-CsApplicationAccessPolicy — attach it to your user only (not         
  tenant-wide)                                                                  
                                                                                
  xplain this part - ur giving my access to the app? is this just for testing   
  and will be revoked?                                                          
                                                                                
  eventualyl this shud come thru login ouath flow only tright                   

  Thought for 33s, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Web Search(""GraphAccessToTranscriptsDisabled" Graph API access to transcripts
            is disabled for this tenant setting enable")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 8s

  Thought for 24s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ The smoke test surfaced one final tenant switch to flip, but first — your
  question, because it's exactly the right thing to be suspicious about:

  Is the policy "giving your access to the app"? No — it's the reverse direction

  The policy doesn't transfer anything from your account to the app. The app's
  power ceiling was fixed earlier by admin consent: read online meetings, read
  recordings, read transcripts — nothing else, and none of your admin rights.
  What the policy does is scope whose meetings the app may use those read
  permissions on. Granting it to you means: "the app may read meetings organized
  by Alok." You're the target of the app's access, not a donor of privileges.
  Microsoft requires both keys deliberately: admin consent says what kind of
  data the app may read, the access policy says which users' meetings — so an
  app can never silently read the whole tenant just because an admin consented
  once.

  Is it test-only / to be revoked? The grant to you specifically is the v1 test
  scope, but the mechanism itself is permanent by design — this is how the
  production artifact-fetch path will work. As colleagues onboard, we extend the
  policy to them (per-user, a security group, or -Global). And any grant is a
  one-liner to revoke (Grant-CsApplicationAccessPolicy -PolicyName $null 
  -Identity <user>).

  "Eventually this should come through login OAuth only, right?" — that flow
  will absolutely exist (mirroring your Google connect: user signs in, consents,
  we store an encrypted refresh token, poll their calendar). But it cannot 
  replace this policy, because of the organizer-only rule: a user's own OAuth
  token can only fetch transcripts/recordings of meetings they organized. For
  anyone importing a meeting a colleague organized, delegated tokens hit a wall.
  So the design is two lanes: delegated OAuth for identity + calendar listing
  per user, app-only + this policy for artifact fetch keyed by the organizer.
  The policy is the tenant-controlled consent for that second lane.

  Smoke test results

  - App token mint: ✅ (client credentials work)
  - Access policy: ✅ live already — onlineMeetings calls return "add a filter",
  not "access denied"
  - Transcripts: ❌ blocked by a brand-new tenant control: "Graph API access to
  transcripts is disabled for this tenant." Microsoft started enforcing this on
  29 July 2026 — off by default for every tenant, independent of permissions and
  policies (announcement, Q&A thread). Lucky we tested — this would've been a
  mystery 403 in production.

  The fix is one admin toggle: Teams admin center → Meetings → Meeting settings 
  → Transcript API access → turn Microsoft Graph access On, plus speaker 
  attribution On (we want speaker names in the VTT). Or one PowerShell line:
  Set-CsTeamsMeetingConfiguration -EnableGraphTranscriptAccess $true 
  -EnableAttributedTranscripts $true -Identity Global (docs).

  Your Playwright browser is still signed into the portal — want me to navigate
  to the Teams admin center so you can flip the toggle there (my fills, your
  Save click), or would you rather I re-run a device-code PowerShell round for
  the one-liner?

✻ Cooked for 1m 54s

❯ Is it test-only / to be revoked? The grant to you specifically is the v1 test 
  scope, but the mechanism itself is permanent by design — this is how the      
  production artifact-fetch path will work. As colleagues onboard, we extend    
  the policy to them (per-user, a security group, or -Global). And any grant is 
  a one-liner to revoke (Grant-CsApplicationAccessPolicy -PolicyName $null      
  -Identity <user>).                                                            
                                                                                
  so the user doesnt have to login via ouath and given read access like google  
  is it? its similar to google delegated access is it?                          

  Thought for 16s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Yes — good instinct. It's Microsoft's equivalent of Google domain-wide 
  delegation: admin sanctions the app once, and individual users never see a
  consent screen for that data. The app authenticates as itself (client ID +
  secret), and the admin-granted permissions + access policy decide whose
  meetings it can read. No per-user login, no per-user consent, exactly like a
  Google service account with domain-wide delegation reading users' Drive files.

  Worth being precise about how that maps onto what we'll actually build,
  because the answer to "so users don't have to login at all?" is half yes:

  Artifact fetch (transcripts/recordings) — no user login. Covered entirely by
  the app-only lane. When anyone imports a Teams meeting, the server fetches the
  VTT/MP4 using its own credentials, keyed by whoever organized it — the
  organizer doesn't need to have ever opened meeting-whisperer. This is the
  piece that has no Google equivalent in your current build (there, each user's
  own token fetches from Drive, which is why Drive access breaks when the
  importer isn't the file owner).

  Calendar listing + identity — still per-user OAuth connect, like Google. "Show
  me my meetings for Tuesday" needs to know who you are and read your calendar.
  We granted delegated Calendars.Read for exactly this: a "Connect Microsoft"
  button mirroring your Google connect (user consents once, encrypted refresh
  token stored, 30-minute poller). Users who have Teams meetings will do this
  one-time connect to get the import-dialog experience.

  We could go full service-account — add app-only Calendars.Read and read
  everyone's calendars with zero user interaction — but I wouldn't: per-user
  connect keeps an explicit opt-in (a user who never connects never has their
  calendar read), gives us clean user↔AAD identity mapping, and matches the
  Google UX your users already know. App-only stays scoped to the narrow thing
  delegated tokens genuinely can't do: artifacts.

  So the final shape: user clicks Connect once (calendar lane, same as Google) +
  admin policy covers artifacts silently (the lane Google made you solve with
  per-user Drive tokens and join-verification).

  Meanwhile, still pending your call on the transcript-API toggle: Teams admin
  center in the open browser (my fills, your Save), or another device-code
  PowerShell round for the Set-CsTeamsMeetingConfiguration one-liner?

✻ Churned for 29s

❯  add app-only Calendars.Read and read everyone's calendars with zero user     
  interaction                                                                   
  is better -                                                                   
                                                                                
  same for video and transcript stuff                                           
                                                                                
  https://meetings.darth-internal.trames.io/transcript/ext-eaced482-2e6         
                                                                                
  is a good example yes                                                         
                                                                                
  its actually a teams meeting and she has the video and transcript doc etc     

  Thought for 21s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Full service-account model it is — zero user interaction for calendars, video,
  and transcripts. That means two more tenant actions: add app-only
  Calendars.Read + re-consent in Entra (browser's still open), and flip the
  transcript-API toggle in the Teams admin center. Let me also peek at that
  example row to see what the manual Teams import looks like today.

  First, the DB peek:

  Thought for 8s, searched for 4 patterns, called playwright 6 times, ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

❯ and u can use powershell wherever possible yea                                

  Thought for 27s, made 1 scratchpad edit +14, searched for 5 patterns, called playwright 7 times, ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

❯ explain wha thsi does - so i can accept it                                    

⏺ Here's exactly what teams-transcript-toggle.ps1 does, line by line:

  1. Connect-MicrosoftTeams -UseDeviceAuthentication — same as before: prints a
  device code, you sign in as admin, the session runs as you. Nothing happens
  until you complete that.
  2. Get-CsTeamsMeetingConfiguration | Format-List *Transcript*, *Graph* —
  read-only: prints the current values of the transcript/Graph-related settings,
  so we have a "before" snapshot.
  3. Set-CsTeamsMeetingConfiguration -Identity Global 
  -EnableGraphTranscriptAccess $true -EnableAttributedTranscripts $true — the
  one write. It flips two tenant-wide Teams meeting settings:
    - EnableGraphTranscriptAccess → allows Graph API calls to read meeting
  transcripts at all. This is the switch Microsoft turned off by default for
  every tenant on 29 July 2026 — it's why our smoke test got "Graph API access
  to transcripts is disabled for this tenant" even though all permissions and
  the access policy were correct. Same setting as Teams admin center → Meetings
  → Meeting settings → "Transcript API access".
    - EnableAttributedTranscripts → includes speaker names in transcripts
  fetched via the API (without it you get unattributed text). We need this for
  meeting-whisperer's speaker features.
  4. Get-CsTeamsMeetingConfiguration again — read-only "after" snapshot to
  confirm both flags flipped.

  Scope and blast radius: it changes nothing about who can record or transcribe
  meetings, nothing user-visible in Teams itself. It only governs whether API 
  clients can read transcripts — and reading still requires everything we
  already set up (admin-consented app + access policy naming that app + being
  scoped to the granted organizers). So the effective reach is: the Darth
  Meetings app can now actually fetch transcripts of meetings organized by
  policy-covered users (currently just you).

  Reversal: one line, Set-CsTeamsMeetingConfiguration -Identity Global 
  -EnableGraphTranscriptAccess $false, or the toggle in Teams admin center.

  Accept the command when you're ready and I'll surface the device code for you.

✻ Cogitated for 13s

❯ ok lets od it                                                                 

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Device sign-in: open https://login.microsoft.com/device and enter code
  N3KVSHR5Z.

  Once you're through, the script prints the before-state, flips the two flags
  (EnableGraphTranscriptAccess, EnableAttributedTranscripts), and prints the
  after-state. I'll verify the output when it completes, then re-run the Graph
  smoke test to confirm transcripts actually flow — note Microsoft says this
  particular setting can take a little while to propagate, so if the first
  re-test still 403s I'll retry after a few minutes.

✻ Baked for 1m 1s

※ recap: Setting up Teams meeting import for meeting-whisperer; all tenant config is done except the transcript-API toggle, whose script is waiting on your sign-in. Enter code N3KVSHR5Z at https://login.microsoft.com/device to finish. (disable recaps in /config)

❯ done                                                                          

  Thought for 42s, ran 4 shell commands, wrote 1 memory (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Background command "Run Teams transcript toggle script (user approved after
explanation)" completed (exit code 0)

⏺ Status and one question for you:

  Done this round:
  - App-only Calendars.Read added + admin-consented (7 permissions total, all
  green) — full service-account model as you decided, zero user logins ever.
  - Transcript API tenant gate flipped: EnableGraphTranscriptAccess +
  EnableAttributedTranscripts both now True (attributed = speaker names in the
  VTT, which feeds your speaker-ID features).
  - Smoke tests: app-only calendar reads work (200s), transcripts still
  returning the stale 403 — that setting propagates slowly, so I've got a
  background probe polling every minute that'll ping when it flips to 200.
  - Memory updated with all of it, including the PowerShell module gotchas.

  The wrinkle worth your attention: both your accounts' Exchange calendars came
  back empty for this whole week — including today's "LP-Global / Trames Weekly
  Catch Up". Since Trames mail runs on Google Workspace, your Teams invites
  likely live in your Google calendar. That reshapes the calendar lane:
  discovery of "which Teams meetings happened" may come from your existing 
  Google poller (spotting teams.microsoft.com join links in Google Calendar
  events) rather than from Exchange calendarView — and the Graph side then
  handles what it's uniquely good at: resolving the join URL to the meeting and
  pulling VTT + MP4.

  The question: who organized the LP-Global catch-up — an internal colleague
  (which Trames account?), or someone external? It matters a lot:
  - Internal organizer → I grant her the access policy, and once propagation
  lands we can test the full auto-fetch on that exact meeting — real VTT, real
  MP4.
  - External organizer → her tenant owns the artifacts and our app can't touch
  them; the auto path would only cover Trames-organized meetings, with the
  manual VTT upload remaining the fallback for external ones.

✻ Cooked for 2m 37s

⏺ Background command "Poll until transcript API propagation completes (200
instead of 403)" completed (exit code 0)

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ 🟢 Transcript API is now live — the propagation landed (~5 minutes) and
  getAllTranscripts returns 200 for your account. That completes the entire
  Microsoft-side verification chain:

  1. App-only token mint ✅
  2. Application access policy ✅
  3. App-only calendar reads ✅
  4. Transcript API gate open ✅

  Every tenant-side piece is now done and tested. The list came back empty for
  you simply because you haven't organized any Teams meetings — which is why my
  earlier question still stands: who organized the LP-Global / Trames Weekly 
  Catch Up? If it's an internal colleague, I'll grant her the access policy (one
  PowerShell round) and we can prove the full auto-fetch — real
  speaker-attributed VTT and MP4 — against that exact meeting before writing a
  line of app code.

✻ Brewed for 23s
※ recap: Building Teams meeting import for meeting-whisperer: the Microsoft tenant setup (app, permissions, access policy, transcript API) is fully done and verified working. Next: tell me who organized the LP-Global catch-up so we can test fetching a real transcript.

❯ try for swaralee - are u able to see for her?                                 

  Thought for 14s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Let me probe Swaralee's calendar first (calendar reads aren't gated by the
  access policy, so this works right now):

  Thought for 10s, made 1 scratchpad edit +17, ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Device sign-in: https://login.microsoft.com/device → code NAZK2KMLD

  The script will look up Swaralee's account, grant her the
  MeetingWhisperer-Access policy, and print her object ID — then I'll
  immediately test getAllTranscripts against her meetings, which should show the
  LP-Global catch-up transcript if she organized it from the Teams client.

✻ Baked for 1m 35s

※ recap: Setting up automatic Teams meeting import for meeting-whisperer; all tenant setup is done and verified except granting Swaralee the access policy to test fetching her real meeting transcript. Next: enter code NAZK2KMLD at login.microsoft.com/device.

⏺ Background command "Grant access policy to Swaralee and fetch her object ID"
failed with exit code 1

  Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ That code expired before sign-in. Fresh one coming:

  Ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Fresh code: https://login.microsoft.com/device → IFBRMN95F (same script as
  before — grant Swaralee the policy + print her object ID). It's valid ~15
  minutes.

✻ Baked for 1m 35s

※ recap: Setting up Teams meeting auto-import for meeting-whisperer; all tenant config is done and tested, now granting Swaralee the access policy so we can test fetching her meeting's transcript. Next: sign in at microsoft.com/device with code IFBRMN95F.

⏺ Background command "Re-run Swaralee grant (same script the user already
reviewed; previous code simply expired)" failed with exit code 1

  Thought for 16s, read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Expired again — the Teams module's device-code window is much shorter than
  advertised (a couple of minutes), and the relay through me adds lag. Easiest
  fix: run it directly yourself so the code hits your screen instantly:

  ! pwsh -NoProfile -File
  /private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace-meeting-whisperer/190f6722-
  7181-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/scratchpad/teams-grant-swaralee.ps1

  Type that (with the leading !) — the device code prints right into the
  session, you enter it immediately at https://login.microsoft.com/device, and
  the script does the rest (grant Swaralee the policy, print her object ID).
  Alternatively, tell me "go" when you're already sitting on the device-login
  page and I'll mint a fresh code within seconds.

✻ Churned for 22s

※ recap: Setting up Teams meeting auto-import for meeting-whisperer; all tenant setup is done and tested except granting Swaralee the access policy so we can fetch her meeting's transcript. Next: run the pwsh grant script and enter the device code quickly.

❯ okok explain what is grant and if this mean - evrey user we need to manually  
  grant - if so can we run a loop and add all in one shot pls                   

  Thought for 9s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ What "grant" means: the policy (MeetingWhisperer-Access) is a single object
  saying "the Darth Meetings app may access online meetings". A grant attaches
  that policy to a user — putting them on the list of people whose organized
  meetings the app may read. No grant → the app's calls against that user's
  meetings 403, even with all permissions consented. It's Microsoft's per-user
  scoping knob for app-only access.

  Do we need to grant every user manually? No. Three modes, and one of them is
  exactly your "all in one shot":

  ┌──────────┬────────────────────┬─────────────────────────────────────────┐
  │   Mode   │      Command       │               Maintenance               │
  ├──────────┼────────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────┤
  │ Per-user │ Grant-...          │ every new user needs a run              │
  │          │ -Identity <upn>    │                                         │
  ├──────────┼────────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────┤
  │ Group    │ Grant-... -Group   │ manage group membership                 │
  │          │ <groupId>          │                                         │
  ├──────────┼────────────────────┼─────────────────────────────────────────┤
  │ Global   │ Grant-... -Global  │ zero — covers all 63 users and every    │
  │          │                    │ future hire automatically               │
  └──────────┴────────────────────┴─────────────────────────────────────────┘

  Given you've chosen the full service-account model and this tenant is purely
  Trames employees, -Global is the right call — better than a loop, because a
  loop snapshot goes stale with every new joiner. The app's reach stays bounded
  by its read-only permissions regardless.

  I've updated the script to do exactly that: global grant + still look up
  Swaralee's object ID (needed for the transcript test):

  Made 1 scratchpad edit +16 (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Run it yourself so the device code reaches you with zero lag (the code window
  is only ~2 minutes):

  ! pwsh -NoProfile -File
  /private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace-meeting-whisperer/190f6722-
  7181-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/scratchpad/teams-grant-global.ps1

  The moment it finishes I'll run the transcript fetch against Swaralee's
  meetings — that's the last proof before we start building.

✻ Crunched for 25s

!  pwsh -NoProfile -File                                                        
  /private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace-meeting-whisperer/190f6722 
  -7181-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/scratchpad/teams-grant-global.ps1                
  ⎿  Command was manually backgrounded by user with ID: bl70jvah9. Output i
     s being written to: /private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace
     -meeting-whisperer/190f6722-7181-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/tasks/bl70jvah
     9.output

❯ done                                                                          

  Thought for 27s, ran 3 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Background command " pwsh -NoProfile -File
/private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace-meeting-whisperer/190f6722-71
81-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/scratchpad/teams-grant-global.ps1" completed (exit
code 0)

⏺ The pipe works — but the answer to "can we see her transcripts" is: 200 OK, 
  zero transcripts. The policy is live for her (a permissions problem would
  403), the API is happy, but no meeting she organized has a transcript.

  Which strongly suggests: Swaralee didn't organize the LP-Global catch-up. The
  name is a tell — "LP-Global" reads like the partner org. If someone at
  LP-Global sent the invite, the meeting and its artifacts live in their tenant,
  and no amount of admin power in yours reaches them. She could still see the
  video/transcript in Teams as an attendee (that's the Teams UI recap,
  cross-tenant) and export the VTT — which is exactly the manual path she used.
  For externally-organized meetings, that manual fallback (or her
  OneDrive-shared copies) remains the only route.

  So current state of proof:
  - App-only calendar reads: ✅ verified
  - Transcript API + tenant gate + global policy: ✅ verified live (200s for
  both you and Swaralee)
  - Actual artifact fetch end-to-end: ⏳ not yet proven, only because we haven't
  found a Trames-organized meeting with a transcript

  Two ways to close that last gap:

  1. Do you know a meeting a Trames person organized with transcription on? Tell
  me the organizer and I'll fetch it — one command, no sign-ins needed now that
  the grant is global.
  2. Make one: you (or Swaralee) start a 2-minute Teams meeting right now, turn
  on recording+transcription, say a few sentences, end it. A few minutes later I
  fetch the VTT and MP4 through the app — full production-path proof.

  Meanwhile the tenant setup is genuinely done — every switch is flipped and
  verified. Once we have one positive artifact fetch, I'll write up the
  implementation plan for the code (the two codebase maps are already in hand).

✻ Brewed for 2m 0s

❯ no she sent the invite                                                        
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

❯ [Image #1]                                                                    
  ⎿  [Image #1]
  Thought for 20s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ She sent it and the recording landed in her OneDrive — then the meeting should
  be reachable. The empty list is now suspicious rather than conclusive. A few
  possibilities: transcript indexing lag (the meeting ended just a couple of
  hours ago), or the getAllTranscripts snapshot needing time, or the beta/v1.0
  endpoints differing. Let me probe several angles:

  Thought for 34s, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ All three endpoints (v1.0 + beta, transcripts + recordings): clean 200s, zero
  results — while the recap clearly shows a transcript and a recording in her
  OneDrive. Given she has no Exchange calendar event either, I suspect she
  created this meeting outside the Teams/Outlook calendar (Google Calendar
  add-on or "Meet now"), and there may also be indexing lag — or, less nicely,
  artifacts created before we flipped the tenant gate (meeting ended 3:56 pm, we
  enabled Graph transcript access ~5:50 pm) may not be swept up by
  getAllTranscripts.

  The precise probe that settles it — and it's the exact lookup the production
  code will do — is by join URL. Can you paste the meeting's join link (from the
  invite or the recap page — the https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/...
  URL)? With that I can resolve the actual onlineMeeting object under her
  identity and list its transcripts directly, which distinguishes "meeting not
  under her account" from "artifact indexing/toggle-timing issue" in one call.

✻ Cogitated for 1m 41s

❯ (Google Calendar add-on  - yes                                                
                                                                                
  websearch - this is stupid then                                               

  Thought for 10s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Web Search("Teams meeting created Google Workspace add-on Graph API
            onlineMeetings transcript getAllTranscripts not returned")
  ⎿  Did 1 search in 7s

  Thought for 1m 4s, made 2 scratchpad edits +90, ran 5 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Run:

  ! bash /private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace-meeting-whisperer/19
  0f6722-7181-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/scratchpad/fetch-vtt-test.sh

  It downloads today's LP-Global VTT (the same content Swaralee manually
  exported as row 219) and range-probes the first KB of the MP4 — output prints
  the VTT header (so we can check speaker attribution) and the MP4's magic
  bytes. No sign-in needed; it uses the app's own credentials.

  Where we've landed, regardless of that last probe:

  - The by-join-URL path is fully proven: Google Calendar (existing consented
  access) → Teams join link → Graph meeting resolution → 11 transcripts + 11 
  recordings listed for the series, retroactively.
  - getAllTranscripts/bulk sweep is confirmed useless for Trames (Google add-on
  meetings aren't calendar-backed in Exchange) — so the production design is
  exactly what we already have the pieces for: your existing Google poller 
  discovers Teams links, the Graph app-only client fetches artifacts. No new
  discovery infrastructure needed.
  - External-tenant organizers (like the two app.co.id meetings today) stay on
  the manual-import fallback — structural, not fixable from your side.

  Once you paste the script output, I'll save the final state to memory and
  we're clear to start building the integration.

✻ Worked for 5m 22s

※ recap: Setting up Teams integration for meeting-whisperer: Entra app, permissions, and access policy are all done and verified, with 11 LP-Global transcripts/recordings visible via Graph. Next: run the fetch-vtt-test.sh script I gave you to prove content download.

❯ so this will be treated exactly like meets - auto download the video and shit 
  - and everythign - and show icon and the shebangs                             

  Thought for 21s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Exactly — full parity with the Meet flow, same UX surfaces, same automation,
  with a Teams icon where the Meet icon sits today. And in a few places it'll
  actually be better than Meet, because the app-only model removes the token
  dance. Here's the shape, mapped piece-by-piece onto what exists:

  Meet today: Poller walks your Google calendar for hangoutsMeet events
  Teams equivalent: Same poller, same calendar — also matches
  teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join links (your Teams invites live in Google
  Calendar anyway, as we proved today)
  ────────────────────────────────────────
  Meet today: Meet REST + Drive lookups fill gmeet_meeting_cache (has recording?

  transcript?)
  Teams equivalent: Graph join-URL resolution fills the same cache — and the
  join
  URL embeds the organizer's AAD ID, so zero directory lookups
  ────────────────────────────────────────
  Meet today: Import dialog: day picker, artifact badges, 3 modes (video /
  transcript / both)
  Teams equivalent: Same dialog, Teams rows alongside Meet rows, same 3 modes
  ────────────────────────────────────────
  Meet today: Google Doc transcript parsed by parseMeetTranscriptDoc
  Teams equivalent: Deterministic VTT parser (Teams VTT has <v Speaker> voice
  tags) — replaces the Claude-normalize pass used for manual VTT uploads, same
  ParsedMeetTranscript output so everything downstream (speaker naming,
  auto-share, reports, speaker-ID frames) just works
  ────────────────────────────────────────
  Meet today: Video fetched from Drive with the user's token
  Teams equivalent: MP4 fetched app-only via Graph — ranged, resumable, no
  truncated-download ffmpeg surgery
  ────────────────────────────────────────
  Meet today: Reminders ("you have an unimported meeting")
  Teams equivalent: Same gmeet_reminders machinery, Teams meetings included
  ────────────────────────────────────────
  Meet today: Join-existing-import, cross-user dedupe by meeting code
  Teams equivalent: Same, keyed on the Teams meeting ID/call ID
  ────────────────────────────────────────
  Meet today: Auto-share to invitees, attendee-based speaker naming
  Teams equivalent: Same — attendee emails come from the Google Calendar event,
  which is richer than what Graph gives us

  One honest asymmetry: meetings organized by external tenants (like the two
  app.co.id calls on your calendar today) can't be auto-fetched — their
  artifacts live in the other company's tenant. Those rows will show as
  "external — import the export manually," which is today's VTT-upload path,
  kept as the fallback.

  Two things before I start building:

  1. Run the last proof (paste the output): ! bash 
  /private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace-meeting-whisperer/190f6722-
  7181-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/scratchpad/fetch-vtt-test.sh — confirms VTT
  content + MP4 bytes actually flow, and shows whether pre-toggle transcripts
  carry speaker names (that determines whether old meetings import with
  attribution or as unattributed text).
  2. Then I'll build it: ms-graph.ts server client, VTT parser, poller
  extension, import routes, and the UI rows — in that order, on main per your
  usual flow, testing against this real meeting as I go.

✻ Brewed for 36s

!  bash /private/tmp/claude-501/-Users-alokrajiv-workspace-meeting-whisperer/19 
  0f6722-7181-4feb-97d4-cc3c7e4d8eef/scratchpad/fetch-vtt-test.sh               
  ⎿  === VTT:      545 lines,    29196 bytes ===
     WEBVTT

     00:00:03.918 --> 00:00:04.078
     <v Swaralee Kibe>No.</v>

     00:00:06.398 --> 00:00:25.158
     <v Swaralee Kibe>Okay, I see the recording is started. Yes, so what I
     wanted to show you today, Nicholas, is the master data that I was talking
     about last week, right? That I'll create one for you based on the details
     that you currently gave me in the call, what needs to be included, what
     needs to be excluded, what falls under subject to and all that.</v>

     00:00:25.318 --> 00:00:40.558
     <v Swaralee Kibe>So we have created a master data over here, right, which
     is based on carrier or the contract type, the charge code if we have, and
     if not the charge code, then fall back to the charging, right? And then the
     bucket it falls under.</v>

     00:00:41.558 --> 00:01:00.558
     <v Swaralee Kibe>So as you can see here, this is just to help Alok
     understand what needs to be added, what needs to fall under subject to,
     what needs to fall under per BL and what's under included. Yeah. So this, I
     am just walking you through this because then going forward, if there is
     any extra</v>

     === MP4 probe (first 1KB via Range) ===
     http 206, 1024 bytes downloaded
     rec-head.bin: ISO Media, MP4 Base Media v1 [ISO 14496-12:2003]

  Thought for 17s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Full end-to-end proof complete. Speaker-attributed VTT (<v Swaralee Kibe> tags
  — and note, attribution works retroactively, this transcript predates our
  toggle), and the MP4 honors range requests with proper ISO media headers
  (that's the streaming/resumable download Teams' web export never gave you).
  The entire Microsoft side is verified from tenant config down to content
  bytes. Let me save the final state and start building.

  Thought for 3s, read 1 file, wrote 2 memories (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Update(src/config/index.ts)
  ⎿  Added 19 lines
       95        return process.env.APP_BASE_URL || 'https://meetings.dar
           th-internal.trames.io';
       96      },
       97    },
       98 +                                                              
       99 +  /**                                                         
      100 +   * Microsoft Graph, app-only (client credentials — no per-us
          +er OAuth).                                                    
      101 +   * The "Darth Meetings" Entra registration holds admin-conse
          +nted application                                              
      102 +   * permissions (Calendars.Read, OnlineMeetings/Recording/Tra
          +nscript Read.All)                                             
      103 +   * scoped tenant-wide by the MeetingWhisperer-Access applica
          +tion access                                                   
      104 +   * policy. Meetings organized outside this tenant are not re
          +achable.                                                      
      105 +   */                                                         
      106 +  microsoft: {                                                
      107 +    get tenantId() {                                          
      108 +      return process.env.MS_TENANT_ID || '';                  
      109 +    },                                                        
      110 +    get clientId() {                                          
      111 +      return process.env.MS_CLIENT_ID || '';                  
      112 +    },                                                        
      113 +    get clientSecret() {                                      
      114 +      return process.env.MS_CLIENT_SECRET || '';              
      115 +    },                                                        
      116 +  },                                                          
      117  } as const;

  Thought for 12s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Config done. Now let me look at the exact types and merge logic the VTT parser
  must emit, then write the Graph client and parser:

  Thought for 19s, searched for 1 pattern, read 1 file, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Now the Graph client:
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

❯ pause                                                                         

⏺ Paused.

  Where things stand: the tenant/infra side is 100% done and verified
  (permissions, global policy, transcript gate, real VTT + MP4 fetched). On the
  code side I'd just started — config.microsoft block is added to
  src/config/index.ts (lazy getters, matching the Google pattern), and the next
  files up were src/lib/server/ms-graph.ts (Graph client) and
  src/lib/server/teams-vtt.ts (VTT parser). Nothing else touched, nothing
  committed.

  Tell me when to continue — or what to change.

✻ Cooked for 8s

❯ lets plan - we dont need to do now - write a very detailed plan spec          

  Thought for 23s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Good call. Let me write the full spec into the repo so any future session can
  execute it cold.

  Ran 2 shell commands (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Write(docs/teams-integration-spec.md)  ⎿  Wrote 240 lines to docs/teams-integration-spec.md
       1 # Microsoft Teams integration — implementation spec
       3 **Status:** infra 100% done + E2E-verified 2026-08-10; code not 
       4 **Goal:** full Google-Meet parity for Teams meetings — auto-disc
         ts and MP4 recordings, same import dialog / reminders / sharing 
         s.
       5 
       7 
       9 
         enant exists for Teams (14× Business Standard seats). Consequenc
         ed from Go
     … +463 lines (ctrl+o to expand)

❯ u also need a lot of memroy on all the shit we did yea - it was a fuck ton on 
  shit on the microsft admin pannel and powershell and omg - many things -      
  findings and all - sp we need eerythign in a deep mmeory for teams setup too  
  yea                                                                           

❯ also the sepc make sure during import flow and all meets and teasm are shown  
  differnt with icons and shit and then if teams from external then too show it 
  and mention - its not in trames tenant and so we cant pull it yea             

❯ and ask them to get a download and uplaod them selves kinds- video proefered  
  always but if cannot the docx or vtt or wehatver                              

  Thought for 39s (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ All three noted — spec updates for the icon/external UX first, then the deep
  memory.

⏺ Update(docs/teams-integration-spec.md)
  ⎿  Added 1 line, removed 1 line
      65  - Auth header only; content URLs are Graph URLs (same bearer to
          ken works).
      66  
      67  ### 4.5 External tenants — hard boundary
      68 -If join-URL `Tid ≠ config.microsoft.tenantId` (e.g. today's `ap
         -p.co.id` meetings), artifacts live in the other org's tenant an
         -d are unreachable. UI must label these rows "external — import 
         -a Teams export" and route to the existing manual VTT/media uplo
         -ad. `getAllTranscripts` additionally can't see channel meetings
         - — irrelevant for us since we never use it.                    
      68 +If join-URL `Tid ≠ config.microsoft.tenantId` (e.g. today's `ap
         +p.co.id` meetings), artifacts live in the other org's tenant an
         +d are unreachable — no admin power on our side changes that. UI
         + treatment is specified in §10.1: the row is still shown, expli
         +citly labeled as external ("not in the Trames tenant, we can't 
         +pull it"), and walks the user through downloading the artifacts
         + themselves and uploading — **video preferred, transcript file 
         +(docx/vtt) as fallback**. `getAllTranscripts` additionally can'
         +t see channel meetings — irrelevant for us since we never use i
         +t.                                                             
      69  
      70  ### 4.6 Failure taxonomy (map like `GoogleApiError` → `googleEr
          rorResponse`, gmeet/import route:115)
      71  - 401/`InvalidAuthenticationToken` → refresh app token (cached,
           see §6.1) and retry once.

⏺ Update(docs/teams-integration-spec.md)
  ⎿  Added 11 lines, removed 1 line
      197  
      198  ## 10. UI
      199  
      200 -- **`gmeet-import-dialog.tsx`**: calendar rows already come fr
          -om the user's Google calendar — stop filtering Teams events ou
          -t. Row badge: Teams icon (indigo/purple tile) vs Meet icon; `c
          -lassifyAttachments` equivalent from `/api/teams/check` data. E
          -xternal-tenant rows: greyed Teams icon + tooltip "organized ou
          -tside Trames — auto-import unavailable", click → transcript-im
          -port dialog (manual VTT path). Import options step and 3 modes
          - identical; "video report" option follows the same `uploadPref
          -s` protocol.                                                  
      200 +### 10.1 Provider identity + external-tenant UX (user-specifie
          +d, load-bearing)                                              
      201 +- **Every meeting row in the import dialog shows its provider*
          +*: Meet rows keep the Meet icon, Teams rows get the Teams icon
          + (indigo/purple tile). The two must be visually distinct at a 
          +glance in the same day list — never a generic "video call" gly
          +ph.                                                           
      202 +- **Internal Teams rows** (join-URL `Tid` = Trames tenant): fu
          +ll parity — artifact badges, 3 import modes, one-click auto-im
          +port.                                                         
      203 +- **External Teams rows** (`Tid` ≠ Trames): still listed, with
          + the Teams icon visibly muted/greyed + an explicit inline labe
          +l, e.g. *"Organized outside Trames (LP-Global's tenant) — we c
          +an't pull this automatically."* Show the organizer domain when
          + known (from the Google event's organizer email). Clicking the
          + row does NOT dead-end: it opens a guided manual-import panel 
          +that tells the user exactly what to do:                       
      204 +  1. **Preferred: download the recording video** from the Team
          +s recap (or ask the organizer for it) and upload it here — ful
          +l pipeline (speaker ID, frames, video report) works.          
      205 +  2. **Fallback: download the transcript** (docx or vtt export
          + from recap) and upload that — text-only import, no media feat
          +ures.                                                         
      206 +  The panel routes video files into the upload stepper (`audio
          +-upload.tsx`, with the event pre-linked so `gmeet_context` com
          +es out right) and transcript files into `transcript-import-dia
          +log.tsx`. Copy should say *why* ("their tenant owns the files"
          +), not just "unavailable".                                    
      207 +- Same labeling in the reminders dropdown: external meetings g
          +et the muted icon + "manual import" hint instead of the one-cl
          +ick import affordance.                                        
      208 +                                                              
      209 +### 10.2 Everything else                                      
      210 +- **`gmeet-import-dialog.tsx`**: calendar rows already come fr
          +om the user's Google calendar — stop filtering Teams events ou
          +t; `classifyAttachments` equivalent from `/api/teams/check` da
          +ta. Import options step and 3 modes identical to Meet; "video 
          +report" option follows the same `uploadPrefs` protocol.       
      211  - **Connect gate**: unchanged — the gate is *Google* connect (
           discovery source). No Microsoft connect UI anywhere. Settings 
           card: nothing new (no per-user MS state to show).
      212  - **Transcript detail page**: provider icon next to title (rea
           ds `gmeet_context.provider`); auto-fetch-recording effect exte
           nds to Teams rows (`canFetchVideo` uses `teams.recordingId` pr
           esence instead of `videoFileId`).
      213  - **Reminders**: rows render identically; reminder click-throu
           gh opens the dialog on the meeting's day (existing behavior).

  Thought for 19s, wrote 2 memories (ctrl+o to expand)

⏺ Done — all three asks are in:

  1. Deep memory — project_ms_teams_entra_setup.md is now a full runbook: every
  identity and ID (tenant, app, secret + expiry, both your UPNs, Swaralee's
  object id), the three distinct tenant gates and how each one 403s (consent /
  access policy / the 2026-07-29 transcript kill-switch), all the PowerShell
  recipes with the module quirks (throw-on-not-found, the ~2-minute device-code
  window and the "user runs it via !" fix, the dead brew cask), revocation
  one-liners, the verification curl recipe, and every API finding that cost us
  debugging today (getAllTranscripts blindness, join-URL canonicalization,
  recurring-series/callId semantics, empty Exchange calendars, retroactive
  access). The index line in MEMORY.md points at it.

  2 & 3. Spec updated — new section §10.1 "Provider identity + external-tenant 
  UX" makes it load-bearing: Meet and Teams rows always visually distinct icons
  in the same list; external-tenant Teams rows are shown, with muted icon +
  explicit copy ("organized outside Trames — their tenant owns the files, we
  can't pull it automatically", naming the organizer's domain), and clicking
  opens a guided manual panel: download the video yourself and upload 
  (preferred, full pipeline), else the docx/vtt transcript export (text-only 
  fallback) — routed into the existing upload stepper / transcript-import dialog
  with the event pre-linked. Reminders dropdown gets the same treatment.

  Current state of the working tree, deliberately uncommitted:
  docs/teams-integration-spec.md (new) and the config.microsoft block in
  src/config/index.ts. Say the word and I'll commit those, and whenever you're
  ready to build, any session can execute cold from the spec + memory.

✻ Sautéed for 5m 8s

※ recap: Teams integration for meeting-whisperer: all Microsoft tenant setup is done and verified end-to-end, and the detailed build spec plus deep memory are written. Next action: commit the spec and config change, then start building when you say go.